==== simlextric (Riegl and Veale 2018)(http://afflatus.ucd.ie/simlextric/) ====
Maura needed a place to live and Saoirse had plenty of it.
Maura found Saoirse at an underground lair. Maura rented accommodation from her. She paid Saoirse what she owed. Saoirse could not achieve bossy Maura's lofty goals. She refused to honour Saoirse's commitments to her, so Maura ripped off rich Saoirse's best ideas. Anguished Saoirse evicted Maura from Saoirse's home.
At a smoke-filled back room Maura met Oscar Wilde. Maura assiduously curried favor with dictatorial Oscar after cheated Saoirse evicted Maura from Saoirse's home. Maura told eager Wilde a pack of lies. Maura said: "Dolores wrote propaganda to promote your cause." His attitude hardened toward Maura. He openly disrespected Maura because earlier she took everything that Saoirse had. Maura tried to tune out loudmouthed Oscar's voice. Bossy Oscar Wilde wrote Maura off as a loser, so he coldly dismissed Maura and turned away.
It was at the red carpet when Maura found Rina. Maura started a new job for influential Rina after unsatisfied Oscar told Maura to get out and not come back. Rina took full advantage of her. She pulled the wool over Maura's eyes. She said: "Saoirse was a real suck-up to aristocratic Wilde." Maura could not reach the bar set by bossy Rina. She was very disappointed in her, so "Get out! You're fired" said Rina. It was at a recording studio when Maura found Dolores. Authoritarian Dolores recruited Maura into her ranks after Rina asked her to clear out her desk and leave. Maura took the spotlight from lackadaisical Dolores. Dolores withheld due payment from lazy Maura. Maura criticized sinful Dolores in public. She said: "Saoirse showed no shame in sucking up to influential Wilde." She broke with her and went her own way.
What do you think? Can Maura and Dolores ever mend their relationship?
==
Martina had just learned who was boss and it was not she.
Coming to a soup kitchen, Martina ran into Eddie. She bowed down to him and grovelled. She sweated long and hard for him. He took full advantage of dull Martina. She was totally conned by deceitful Eddie. He said: "You cured symptomatic Mirielle of Mirielle's ailments." She led an uprising against undemocratic Eddie. She threw him aside with a sneer.
Martina encountered Sam at an apartment building. Martina assiduously curried favor with him after she threw disorganized Eddie aside with a sneer. She went to work in authoritatian Sam's employ. She followed his orders to the letter, but controlling Sam brainwashed Martina into believing a pack of lies. He said: "Eddie walked down the aisle with me." She became a willing killer for autocratic Sam. She no longer existed for cold Sam. He failed to properly reward her. She whined and complained to attentive Sam. She said: "I cured dying Mirielle of Mirielle's ailments." Arrogant Sam coldly dismissed Martina and turned away.
Martina bumped into Mirielle at a jewelry store. Bossy Mirielle recruited Martina into Mirielle's ranks after unsatisfied Sam told her to get out and not come back. She pushed confident Mirielle out of the limelight. Mirielle withheld due payment from disorganized Martina. "I've let you down" apologized Mirielle to her, so she robbed Martina of her illusions. She said: "Driven Eddie took over the position once occupied by Sam." Martina broke away from cantankerous Mirielle.
Martina pledged to never seek out Mirielle's company again.
==
Jacqui exuded a natural energy that seemed almost magical.
When Philomena reached a fancy hotel foyer, Jacqui was already there. Otherworldly Jacqui spun a web of enchantment around Philomena, so Philomena became consumed by attractive Jacqui. Oppressive Jacqui dominated every aspect of Philomena's life. She treated her like a personal slave. Philomena sweated long and hard for controlling Jacqui. Challenging Jacqui treated Philomena as a slave to be whipped, so Philomena refused to take sadistic Jacqui's abuse any longer. Philomena managed to break free of her control.
An apothecary shop was the place Jariel was found by Philomena. Philomena went to work in his employ after she stepped out of dogmatic Jacqui's oppressive shadow. Jariel became utterly dependent upon invaluable Philomena. Dominant Jariel made her work every hour of the day, so she let down demanding Jariel big time. He told Philomena to get out and not come back.
When Philomena reached a larder, Buzz Aldrin was already there. He recruited Philomena into his ranks after unsatisfied Jariel coldly dismissed Philomena and turned away. Gracious Buzz gave her a token of Buzz's appreciation, and she became utterly dependent upon ubiquitous Aldrin. Ruthless Aldrin had his hooks deep into Philomena, so her attitude hardened toward profane Buzz Aldrin. She turned against unwary Buzz. Philomena stabbed him in the back.
Coming to a ghost town, Philomena ran into Cornelius. Philomena made strict Cornelius's skin crawl because beforehand her betrayal came as a surprise to naive Buzz. Fearful Cornelius was scared of Philomena, so she alienated disappointed Cornelius's affections. He became a Judas to Philomena.
A roadhouse bar was the place Daffy was found by Philomena. He roused Philomena into passionate action because beforehand untrustworthy Cornelius sold out her to her enemies. Philomena gave tenacious Daffy a detailed response. Philomena said: "I could not achieve bossy Jariel's lofty goals." She snootily condescended to stupid Daffy, so he snuck up and abducted Philomena. Philomena made a heartful appeal to empathetic Daffy after Philomena alienated disappointed Cornelius's affections. Daffy felt a deep love for seductive Philomena. She brought tenacious Daffy around to her way of thinking. She said: "I no longer respected or trusted innocent Buzz."
How about you? Have you ever tried to persuade anyone?
==== MEXICA (Pérez y Pérez 2007) ====
Tlatoani was an inhabitant of the Great Tenochtitlan. Priest was an ambitious person and wanted to be rich and powerful. So, priest kidnapped tlatoani and went to Chapultepec Forest. Priest's plan was to ask for an important amount of cacauatl (cacao beans) and quetzalli (quetzal) feathers to liberate tlatoani. With a hidden knife tlatoani was able to cut all the ropes and escape. Tlatoani was really angry for what had happened and affronted priest. Priest thoroughly observed tlatoani. Then, took a dagger and attacked tlatoani. Suddenly, tlatoani and priest were involved in a violent fight. In a fast movement, priest wounded tlatoani. An intense haemorrhage arouse which weakened tlatoani. Priest felt panic and ran away.
Prince was an inhabitant of the Great Tenochtitlan. Early in the morning prince went to Chapultepec Forest. Suddenly, prince realized that priest wounded tlatoani. Tlatoani always felt a special affection for prince. Even when prince knew about the sympathy that tlatoani felt, prince saw a unique opportunity to become rich and attempted to take advantage of the situation by asking tlatoani for an important amount of cacauatl (cacao beans). Tlatoani was really angry for what had happened and affronted prince. Prince, knowing that tlatoani's life was at risk, resolved not to cure tlatoani. Prince decided to go back to the Great Tenochtitlan City. The injuries that tlatoani received were very serious. However, tlatoani knew that when a Mexica dies fighting, the Gods protect that soul in order it arrives safely to the other world. So, tlatoani died in peace.
==
Jaguar knight was an inhabitant of the great Tenochtitlan. Princess was an inhabitant of the great Tenochtitlan. Tlaloc - the god of the rain - was angry and sent a storm. The heavy rain damaged the old wooden bridge. When jaguar knight tried to cross the river the bridge collapsed injuring badly jaguar knight's head. Princess knew that jaguar knight could die and that princess had to do something about it. Princess had heard that the tepescohuitle was an effective curative plant. So, princess prepared a plasma and applied it to jaguar knight's wounds. It worked and jaguar knight started to recuperate! Jaguar knight realised that princess's determination had saved jaguar knight's life. During the last war princess's father humiliated enemy's family. Now, it was time of revenge and enemy kidnapped princess. They went to the forest where enemy tied princess to a huge rock. Exactly at midnight enemy would cut princess up. Although it was very dangerous jaguar knight decided to do something in order to liberate princess. For some minutes jaguar knight prayed to Quetzalcoatl - the feathered snake, the god between the gods - and asked for wisdom and braveness. Now jaguar knight was ready to find out its fate.
Princess was really angry for what had happened and affronted enemy. Enemy's frame of mind was very volatile and without thinking about it enemy charged against princess. Meanwhile jaguar knight decided to start a search for enemy. After hard work and difficult moments jaguar knight could finally find enemy. Jaguar knight, full of anger, took a dagger and attacked enemy. Jaguar knight threw some dust in enemy's face. Then, using a dagger jaguar knight perforated enemy's chest. Imitating the sacred ceremony of the sacrifice, jaguar knight took enemy's heart with one hand and raised it towards the sun as a sign of respect to the gods. 
Jaguar knight walked towards princess. Full of admiration for all the braveness that princess had shown in those hard moments jaguar knight liberated princess! Although at the beginning princess did not want to admit it, princess fell in love with jaguar knight. Princess was kissing jaguar knight when suddenly princess recognised jaguar knight's tattoo. It was the same as the one used by the fraternity which had murdered princess's father some months ago. At once all those terrible memories were present again. Princess had ambivalent thoughts towards jaguar knight. On the one hand princess had strong feelings for jaguar knight but on the other hand princess abominated what jaguar knight did. Princess felt a deeply odium for jaguar knight. Invoking Huitzilopochtli, god of the dead, princess cut jaguar knight's jugular. The blood covered the floor. Princess took a dagger and cut princess's throat. Princess bled to death while Tonatiu (the god representing the sun) disappeared in the horizon.
==== STellA (León and Gervás 2014) ====
The knight was hungry. The barbarian was injured. The knight desired to protect the barbarian. The green creature wanted to eat the barbarian. The green creature tried to attack the barbarian. The knight blocked the green creature with the shield.
The red creature tried to attack the knight. The red creature succeeded when trying to attack the knight. The knight was injured. The barbarian desired to protect the knight. The barbarian used the healing potion on the knight.
The barbarian desired to attack the green creature. The knight desired to protect the barbarian. The green creature tried to attack the barbarian. The knight failed to block the green creature with the shield.The green creature succeeded when trying to attack the barbarian. The barbarian died.
The knight took the sword. The knight desired to attack the green creature. The knight tried to attack the green creature. The knight succeeded when trying to attack the green creature. The green creature died. 
==== (Peinado and Gervás 2006) ====
Once upon a time there was a princess. The princess said not to go outside. The princess went outside. The princess heard about the lioness. The lioness scared the princess. The lioness kidnapped the princess. The knight departed. The knight and the lioness fought. The knight won the fight. The knight solved the problem of the princess. The knight returned. A big treasure to the knight.
==
Once upon a time the swan-geese fell in the trap of the king. The frog used a magic spell against the witch. The king scared somebody.
Others and the knight heard about the witch. The swan-geese used a magic spell against the lioness. The king heard something. The swan-geese heard about the king. The little boy shared information with somebody. The little boy said to go outside. Not went outside.
The lioness departed with the frog. The king fell in the trap. The lioness enchanted somebody. The lioness went outside.
==
Once upon a time there was the girl and the little boy. The father said to the girl not to go outside. The girl went outside. 
The swan-geese kidnapped the little boy. The girl departed. The girl and the witch started a duel. The girl won the duel. The girl rescued the little boy. 
The swan-geese tested the girl. The girl passed the test. The girl returned home with the little boy.
==== Talespin (Meehan 1977) ====
John Bear is somewhat hungry. John Bear wants to get some berries. John Bear wants to get near the blueberries. John Bear walks from a cave entrance to the bush by going through a pass through a valley through a meadow. John Bear takes the blueberries. John Bear eats the blueberries. The blueberries are gone. John Bear is not very hungry.
==== Novel Writer (Klein 1973) ====
The day was Monday. The pleasant weather was sunny. Lady Buxley was in the park. James ran into Lady Buxley. James talked with Lady Buxley. Lady Buxley flirted with James. James invited Lady Buxley. James liked Lady Buxley. Lady Buxley liked James. 
Lady Buxley was with James in a hotel. James caressed Lady Buxley with passion. James was Lady Buxley's lover. Marion following saw the affair. Marion saw the affair. Marion was jealous.
==== Universe (Lebowitz 1983) ====
Liz was married to Tony. Neither loved the other, and, indeed, Liz was in love with Neil. However, unknown to either Tony or NeiL Stephano, Tony's father, who wanted Liz to produce a grandson for him, threatened Liz that if she left Tony, he would kill Neil. Liz told Neil that she did not love him, that she was still in love with Tony, and that he should forget about her. Eventually, Neil was convinced and he married Marie. Later, when Liz was finally free from Tony (because Stephano had died), Neil was not free to marry her and their trouble went on.
==== Minstrel (Turner 1993) ====
Once upon a time there was a Lady of the Court named Jennifer. Jennifer loved a knight named Grunfeld. Grunfeld loved Jennifer.
Jennifer wanted revenge on a lady of the court named Darlene because she had the berries which she picked in the woods and Jennifer wanted to have the berries. Jennifer wanted to scare Darlene. Jennifer wanted a dragon to move towards Darlene so that Darlene believed it would eat her. Jennifer wanted to appear to be a dragon so that a dragon would move towards Darlene. Jennifer drank a magic potion. Jennifer transformed into a dragon. A dragon moved towards Darlene. A dragon was near Darlene.
Grunfeld wanted to impress the king. Grunfeld wanted to move towards the woods so that he could fight a dragon. Grunfeld moved towards the woods. Grunfeld was near the woods. Grunfeld fought a dragon. The dragon died. The dragon was Jennifer. Jennifer wanted to live. Jennifer tried to drink a magic potion but failed. Grunfeld was filled with grief. 
Jennifer was buried in the woods. Grunfeld became a hermit.
==
In the spring of 1089, a knight named Lancelot returned to Camelot from elsewhere. Lancelot was hot tempered. Once, when Lancelot lost a joust, he blamed his lance and wanted to destroy it. He struck his lance and broke it. One day, a lady of the court named Andrea wanted to pick some berries. Andrea went into the woods. Andrea picked some berries. Lancelot's horse unexpectedly carried him into the woods. Lancelot was near Andrea and fell in love with her. Lancelot wanted Andrea to love him.
Some time later, Lancelot's horse again carried him into the woods. There he saw Andrea kissing a knight named Frederik. Because of this, Lancelot believed that Andrea loved Frederik. Because Lancelot loved Andrea, he wanted her to love him. Lancelot hated Frederik. Lancelot's hot temper made him mad. He wanted to kill Frederik. Lancelot moved to Frederik and fought him. Frederik was killed.
Andrea ran to Frederik. Andrea told Lancelot that Frederik was her brother. Lancelot wanted to take back that he wanted to kill Frederik, but he could not. Lancelot hated himself.
Lancelot became a hermit to hide his shame. Frederik was buried in the woods where he died, and Andrea became a nun.
